I really love my whole
welcome to a new video of mine
today, everything revolves around the topic
shopping and if you are interested in what
already as small as you are at home
what you can do by yourself
disadvantage is my opinion mine
experience is low then it remains
Just let me wish you a lot
fun with this video
some time ago I have you already
Video uploaded to the topic
hair removal with the apple ii
if you are interested in the topic and you
missed the video then look
times in the infobox then I will you
link the video again
today it's all about the topic
shopping or the first time
ask what is ever so low
is a kind of hair removal it is
very roughly comparable to warm wax
cold vox with this whole switch
If you happen to be in the
I would like to have video then let me do that
like to know how I like you a little
hair removal series and also attack that
the topic of waxing upswing is one of a kind
waxing and that is from one
sugar mass yes that says yes already
the name schering consists of one
big part of sugar then arrive
I will share a few other ingredients with you
then immediately after the show and
this is just this big advantage
that you really only completely
have little money to raise and have
then directly fit the school ring
the products are the ingredients respectively
you also always have at home
so he also spontaneous school ring
can manufacture yes what are they
Advantages of shopping besides the very
cheap price it is that way
shooting will be the hair with the
complete root removed means that
that does not have like this here with me
so it can not be cut off either way
grow
the skin is generally less irritated
because this sugar mass connects
only with the rule not with the skin
and that's how the skin feels afterwards
Of course, not as irritated as it is
appealing also makes him more sensitive
skin looking for a way where the skin
not so irritated but still the
hair thoroughly and they are removed
be really thorough too
remove and of course that's one too
big advantage because you do not have time forever
it does not have to be every day
just risk it every few minutes
weeks already low and then has
one super nice smooth skin the
you could fit creator
all
Region on walls probably in the remove
want before I make in any case
On the one hand, I would like to be in heat
if your schools fit that manufacturer
he looks the same as the super hot and
then of course you can not do that
Use the shooting fit
about at body temperature
then it is also super enjoyable and yes
you just burn yourself mega
fast if used too early
really only because of my apartment
use when the show bring mass it
So it lukewarm body temperature of
about 38 degrees and should also
the fisherwoman did not watch use
injured skin or already on one
end of the skin irritated skin then
Of course not use but only
on healthy and intact skin yes then
you may be interested in how
you can make the ring fit and
I'll show you now here you see
First the ingredients are the exact ingredients
I write you again in the
Comments
yes then you have all the ingredients in
to collect a pot and heat that
then fight under medium heat
constant stirring then throws after
a certain amount of time such small bubbles
it's a good sign and you are
you are already on the right track and if
it is still so from the color
discolored and so is like darker honey
then it is just right and then you can
you that is such a plastic bowl
fill and either at room temperature
Let it cool down or for a few
minutes in the refrigerator so
until I say it about
body temperature is warm and then you can
you already wear this as well
Does it work on wearing it
that waxing contrary to the driving direction
This is super important and expresses that
so not too strong
Just apply as normal and then
pulls her off and that the
preparation and that is also the
difference to the topic waxing because
in that he fit the bullets in
haukes direction deducts the whole
Gentler removes the skin is not
so irritated and it does not work that way
like if you do that against the hair seal
makes and it is also, of course,
more effective than so the hair best
can be deducted if you do that
Strengthen the whole a bit more
I just want and you are so hard doing this
you can pull off wax, too
either sophie stripes buy the
you find
even the one or just a magic
The dish towel will take the whole
still a little bit press on it
This puts pressure on this mass
strength we could just be more effective
Pull the writer can fit
use it repeatedly and for as long as
So it just sticks after a few
then application no longer sticks
so good then I would just do it
throw it away
and then you can fit new schools
make the rest if you have it
you can just at room temperature
cancel
and if you want to start again
i would like you in the water bath or in
a few seconds in the microwave
warm again and then you can
and again started with the spray
dish towel or even the bowl
or the pan or the top values
were only made you can
very easy to clean and that
just use it a bit
water and let it be completely
because this dissolves this sugar
and then you can play them all
So nothing happens
dishcloths on which still such a
few remains are from the bucks you can
just put it in the washing machine
This will make this sugar and
then you have a clean one again
dishes and yes that is then ready for
the next assignment
depending on the shooting I use a lot
like to have a rich care for
the skin and there I have one now
new favorites from barea
this poor vera gel the limes is for
a refreshing I keep that
in the fridge and on the other is
It nourishes and soothes the
skin is not after the shooting
especially irritated but still find
I is super cool to the considered
the refreshing gel afterwards
apply
or is the skin also directly maintained
and show you this was a video
on shopping I hope you have it
You are always welcome in me
the comments
if he got there already tested or when
you're testing for this video now
I like to write like your opinion
to your experience is yes then
I wish you a beautiful now
hopefully sunny and warm
weekend if you want we are us
on sunday to our next video we
See you then